all right so we're joined right now in
the Travis cafard eSports studio this
room
yes thank you thank you all actually I'm
planning on doing a lot to make this
room not look so bare like we're gonna
put up some like paneling or something
to make it look a little bit more like a
studio but haven't gotten around to it
yet don't show them that at all you know
they don't need to know that's just a
box sitting over there I try to make it
look like it's mostly clean the Omni
slash mic like sitting on the back for
when I go to LCS shortly so for those of
you that don't know Sebastian Park is
the guy that basically runs all the
clutch gaming stuff yes okay and and so
he approached me about doing an
interview about this and we kind of went
back and forth and realized it'd be kind
of cool to do something before LCS
rather than like interview at LCS and
have it come out in like Tuesday or
Wednesday and so we came up with the
idea of doing a livestream before the
start of the show or start of the LCS so
thanks for coming in of course yeah
thanks for having me answer questions
yeah it always seems strange just like
comment on right there yeah on Twitter
there's like you make some you say
something and no one really hears you so
we figured let me talk to you and do it
before you know the game started a
couple hours you haven't a second game
thanks for yeah thanks again so you
reference let you made an announcement
yesterday yeah some of these people
might not have caught the announcement
do you want to explain what you guys
announced sure
so we mutually parted ways with David
Lynn as a head coach yesterday announced
that Anand curry argA Wall who was our
assistant coach is the Internet coach
now okay and that's it's curry
what's his handle his name is curry okay
cool and not curry shop by the way yes
very different process so that's why I
wanted to clarify because I think some
people might believe that curry is the
former assistant coach for TSM when they
used to win championships and then
recently became our assistant coach at
started the split we're sorry to see you
rather and he's been you know he's great
he's been leading practices he's been
integral part of the organization up and
down and so when we were when we found
that that we'd be parting ways like he
seemed like a great person to be yeah
I'm going onstage and frankly he was
already supposed to be on stage as a
stagecoach this week regardless of
anything else so a lot of people will
look at the timing of this and feel like
this is results driven and that clutch
had a very good first split to this year
debut split but has struggled to find
footing in the summer splits it was that
a factor in this no no no I mean I think
I told you this is before beginning of
the first play which is I thought our
expectation of where we finished it's
between 3 and 10 like that hasn't
changed
yeah it terms of our performance I'm not
too concerned right now they're they're
two visas for that one were her only one
game out from being a tie for playoffs
and two games out for being solidify the
playoffs and three games up and
potentially getting a first-round bye
with six games to go and one of the
beauties about being in 10th place is
that you literally will play everyone
ahead of you yeah and so it's not as
dire or as crazy as people think the
second thing is that honestly we make
the gauntlet like 90% of time like we
run our models every week to see like
what our common thoughts are and unless
something crazy happens in the standings
like we make it nine times out of ten
okay and so it's up it's all for
competitive reasons at all okay I think
I mean it's interesting to hear that you
feel fine because it does feel like you
guys are in even in a world where you
can still make the gauntlet like it does
feel like you guys are in a place where
the team isn't strong and it feels like
we're seeing the results of that right
that you guys are making roster changes
for instance last week we cited in
roster change a lot of people who want
to experiment with rosters are probably
gonna do that in the first half of the
split not as we're careening towards the
very end of it I think that's a good
point
our big thing was because our we like
our goal is to win summer split and that
that's never been really our goal our
goal has
hey like us be one of three teams to
make worlds and insofar as we took
fourth place lastly that helps us out a
ton right the way championship points
tend to work or definitively work right
it's a fifth and sixth place this summer
split still have fewer points and people
who are in for from last Lane right but
more points that people work within six
a split right the person who's forecast
more points in the person's form it all
gets like shifted down and so given that
from our perspective you know once we
entered I think week six we hacked on
own for the previous two weeks and so
suddenly our playoffs odds went from
something like seventy percent to like
thirty percent sure and so like every
marginal win and loss after that doesn't
affect it as much as like hey like we
didn't feel as though and we still don't
feel like we're a top three team and if
the goal is to become a top three team
like we have to take some chances the
afternoon it's gonna melt a little bit
to see what can happen there and you
know that was really driven in large
part by the people on the ground so like
guys like Ryan Friedman and you on thing
as well as a coaching staff formerly
David curry Nasser and Europe as well as
Alec on the ground here and so when when
you know I can't mention this last week
it was a group decision and that they
were like hey let's give this a try you
know we really do play against team
looking pretty frequently and so okay
we had the opposite decision making the
most people had like oh there's such a
hard schedule why not
why like give it to a rookie in Vulcan
or piglet or the roster composition and
in my mind that was like no it's like we
have a hard schedule like you go we lose
these games some larger margin than
fifty percent of time anyway we were red
side both games we like weren't favorite
in either game and so for me at least it
was like okay like it makes more sense
of the test bad things here and see how
it goes and though the big greats have
gotten to the winners here last week but
it does hasn't changed our playoff bots
that much and knowing that's change is
just the optics of oh look we're we're
in the standings sure like tech plays as
opposed to like
being like second place it's just yeah
but yeah I mean but do you feel secure
in your position right now because that
I mean a lot of people seeing closely so
many games they would say some somebody
who's running that org should not feel
secure in the team strength in position
oh no we're not we think the team
probably is performing like the team is
probably right now if the range is words
like place team right and that's not
where we need to be we need to be a top
three team to make worlds right right
and and more importantly even for non
top three teams we have to be the best
team that doesn't qualify for worlds
yeah and that's hard to be right now and
we're definitely not where we're not
having those results in scrims we're not
having those results on stage and I got
it people some people blame the past but
that's just not patches are part of the
game I honestly think that a lot of the
changes have been good for the help of
the game and it's it's really creating a
lot of interest in people who hadn't
played for a while coming back to the
game and that those are all good things
and so from our perspective was more
like hey we we make gaunlet most of the
time we're still on the hunt for the
playoffs and we're we're finding the
sense that we need to make improvements
but it's not as though we're trying to
you know fire everyone or switch
everything up or if I could look at the
stage sign just for the sake of giving
up stage that better that's not really
it whoo-hoo what roster do you guys have
for this weekend so this weekend we have
the original five okay so we have Solo
Lehrer Thunder Bay and Apollo okay and
what are your expectations for this
weekend you know it's I've been
completely honest like coaching changes
and any like change in the organization
is always tumultuous right like it
causes a lot of strife that caused a
long Delta as an expectation and so it's
hard for me to project how we're going
to do this week we play we're playing
cloud and optic
both have been playing very well liked
in the past few weeks right they both
have very different styles of play
liberation that sort Holly played
through without me how sneaky back and
Jensen bag without these and be basing
of their entire roster black and the -
smoothie my smoothie my spider-man
stereo big but they've got the big like
the like I think sneaky and and Jake's
are people tend to think of its liqueur
yeah yeah at least at least I carry four
right yeah type of shot calling you may
have seen missing four previous weeks
right in that team and then you know
optic us been playing super well you
know Dave we've got to be very worried
about just all their random pocket picks
and and we'll find out there running
Alaura more Dhokla like in 12 hours or
so yeah I know prep for that done and so
you know our focus has really been hey
let's focus on trying to be good this
week and trying to like put a great
draft together make sure that our team
is comfortable to play our game and then
hopefully pulled out a couple wins cool
maybe we can take some questions from
the chat I'm sure in a second that
they'll start filling up questions with
Eric filling up the chat with questions
about clutch somebody's already asking
what happened if spent scaring he's on
the bench I don't know if he's playing
this weekend but he's been benched
recently yeah I mean I assume he still
is well it's funny because they have to
tell us yes and so it's licorice blabber
Jensen sneaky Faisal yeah don't be on
those side the boiler on Phase six asks
where did you get your start in eSports
Sebastian sure so I got my start in East
boards back in 2013-2014 we I was at
Namecheap to the main I just tried to
use your acquisitions and we sponsored
Team Liquid tempo storm team art on a
few streamers who were treating me like
hearthstone and and World of Warcraft
back then and went from there into
running smaller eSports teams really too
much yeah let's see Maron Otto says was
piglet ever trend with haka hoe yeah so
piglet ran a couple games in screams of
hot well there's a lot of questions and
we got this question a lot there's a lot
of question as to whether
not synergy matters in that sense yeah
right like I think especially there's
and you know we're divided on this
thinking as well it's okay
do you keep people who plate together
together so that they can keep playing
together and they have they know their
tendencies or or do you put in the top
starters you have always and that's a
great question we all know the answer
we were trying both things in scrims for
a while for what it's worth like Phil
Philippe Vulcan is a super solid rookie
and and I'm sure he's gonna do super
well but you know at the same time
that's not to take I mentioned this last
week like pop close and I'm ALCS support
player Nick is great we we grab didn't
get her then he's still really good and
so better than that to us is a that's
interesting combination give it a try at
the same time like there's been a lot of
value and won't be seen with like a
Paolo Jaco L forget Apple and then
there's energies now dog and me says did
you try piglet mid no although he did he
does like rise yeah a lot I think rise
is the second most played champion
Academy this year
anybody thinks it bog almost always he
loves rice yeah let's see dead word ass
or dead ward asks will it most likely be
a pollen jaco for the rest of the season
Garland and playoffs I mean I would say
if the questions most likely it probably
is most likely yeah I mean I think it's
I think the the Delta for change is
always higher like it's always harder to
be the change of a composition than the
actual composition at the same time like
I trust my staff and I trust you know
curry and I trust the the analyst at
behind them to try different things
especially as we prep for whatever is
the best roster for the gauntlet run
yeah hopefully worlds do you didn't
include worlds in there Domon playoffs
it was right kitsune of music says
regardless of the results will there be
any people from clutch going to the
finals for the activations before the
event yeah so 100% will be at the finals
we're doing some really funky things
right there okay we've been planning for
the last few weeks
Samson's this great city I'll be there
for sure most gonna be bringing out a
lot of our staff just to you know show
some of the cool things we have planned
we have a really large space I actually
don't know that's been announced yet
okay bye-bye there's a space there's a
space and there we put space for teams
to do cool things and we're gonna try
some fun cool things yeah Jarek Jurado
five says plans with piglet once he gets
residency so I mean picnicking residents
he's sort of a large we're that's a
decision we have to make next year and
you know frankly there's there was
interest in pigment during a trade
deadline and so I'm sure they'll be
interesting piglet at the end of the
split as well so you know the range of
options he's still very good he's very
much the same player he was two three
years ago yeah a lovely Lucifer 666 says
would you consider trading lira for me
Jose I'll just turn that around and ask
what was your thought cuz 100 thieves
claim that they approached every team
with meteos as a trade that's really
yeah what were your thoughts whenever
you were approached with 500 thieves for
media my first thought was I'm really
glad to Dan leak okay just say me it
would've really sucked I don't
and this thirsty no there's one in the
fridge if you want her oh so I think
it's really important that we didn't
leak their teams can talk to each other
honestly thank you bravely platonic yeah
we're summing to the Travis tree I've
realized that's popping up on your right
it's it's covering something nothing to
add yes in any case the outside the one
we did we had heard about it we knew
they're reaching out to people and we
were like that's that's great you should
reach out to people we want there to be
more movement I think movements really
healthy for the game yeah and so that's
that first let's think I don't beat
themselves announced the second thought
was we weren't entirely sure so we did a
lot of due diligence we have looked at
will in the preseason very briefly like
we were pretty much said on the people
we had targeted and we want to import
jungle and so will wasn't on our radar
as much back then we were really
surprised of how well the websites
brinkley we completely
sad why hundred thieves and fly quest
civil dates in but you know it wasn't
really a an option we remember soon
Leonardo Olivia says is CG thinking
about doing a show like TSM legends so
we have a show called CG uprising I mean
it's sort of interesting I think it's
sort of interesting
what a great sale some legends or
breaking point right they're not doing
something where like we're pieces a
great last piece that just came out
yesterday was about moon shoes and him
coming back to the LCS and you've been
away for about nine months it was good
for him to get back on stage that's one
yeah uh see it looks like some people
recognize what you're saying to see
looks like maybe you were winding down
on questions
oh you can't get wrongly one says what
do you think of the dive criticizing
piglet is a teammate I have not seen
this week's episode of dive where they
criticized on her either I they probably
are referring to his interview if I have
you gonna shoot that interview we just
like threw everyone under the bus and
he's like super honest yeah I think
there's a that's a double-edged sword
right like some people really respond
well to go to this is amande and he's
generally right about that kind crap
yeah but how would Eevee will respond
well to public criticism right like that
that's a great point
I think he's def a character yeah yeah
he's like the opposite of pigna would do
okay last question is from nah dog ain't
me sis can we get more videos of Paulo
and solo playing basketball
no solo maybe Apollo probably less oh so
it's actually good at basketball and
Paolo is worse than me yeah well so I
think we were able to talk for about 20
minutes or so we're less than an hour
out from LCS on the broadcast should be
starting about half a half an hour so
sir are there any other just one make
sure we're after s same thing people
talking about Evo oh you goes gray house
and I was watching some tech and early
that's not why I was late by the way
there's other reasons but
any questions you see that are I don't
thinks I think I mean there's a couple
we skipped just cuz I think it's it's
harder to figure out what a good answers
to those questions or they're kind of
off topic but I don't know looks like
we're we're winding down cool do you
think CG will ever sponsor a fighting
game says mr. McLain I would love to
yeah yes oh they're right I'm just not
going to get an answer was okay with me
Renato says was piglet okay with the
return to Academy I mean he went back
yeah playing so you got no one's happy
to be going up and down right I think we
were really lucky that our players were
super understanding like all of our
players were like like massive Smurfs to
like four hundred thieves right every
time he played against us in Academy
like we had one two three LCS doctors
yeah yeah I think I think we're winding
down so thank you so much Sebastian
really appreciate it yeah we'll keep
we'll keep the stream going for a couple
minutes but that's it for this video if
you're watching on YouTube
Sebastian Park everybody that's what's
going on with this team and be sure to
check out more coverage of all things
LCS right here on this YouTube channel
and technically this is not an LCS
interview but I still me / who I will be
covering as always in my sponsor for for
LCS so thanks everyone for watching